documented how to manually restart PostgreSQL (#2605)
CrunchyData/postgres-operator: docs/content/tutorial/manual-restart.md

---
title: "Manually Restart PostgreSQL"
date:
draft: false
weight: 105
---

> There are times when you might need to manually restart PostgreSQL. This can be done utilizing PGO's rolling updates with minimal downtime by simply adding or updating a custom annotation for the cluster's instance sets `spec.metadata.annotations`, the Pod template will change for all instances and will trigger a rolling update for the cluster.

Reviewer: :pick: 
```suggestion
There are times when you might need to manually restart PostgreSQL. This can be done, with minimal downtime, by using PGO's rolling update functionality. By simply adding or updating a custom annotation to the cluster instance-set's `spec.metadata.annotations` section, the Pod template will change for all instances and trigger a rolling update for the cluster. 
```

For example, if I have a cluster named `hippo` in the namespace `postgres-operator`, I would set the following:

```
spec:
  metadata:
    annotations:

>       restart: "yes"

Reviewer 2: :thinking: Thinking we'll want to use a timestamp (or similar) for the annotation here to indicate that a unique value (e.g. a unique timestamp) will need to be provided for each restart.

This also aligns with how we typically present the annotation value for triggering manual backups and restores.

Author: Agreed i'll get that updated

```

> When your configuration is saved, you can redeploy your cluster:

Reviewer 2: :pick: Thinking it might make sense to say "update" the cluster vs. "redeploy".
